As part of the Agiricultural Robotics Vertically Integrated Project at GT, I work on developing the sensor array for the Tarzan, brachiating robot (the robot itself is a GTRI research project, supervised by Dr. Ai-Ping Hu). Our sensor array provides feedback about the pose of the cable that the robot swings on. My work has focused on collecting data from various sensors, including SLAM LIDAR rangefinders, stereo vision cameras, and inertial measurement units and then processing the data using ROS (Robot Operating System) and Python. My work further includes transforming our data between robot and world reference frames and helping to create the classifiers to detect and identify the cable with openCV.

In the past, I worked on the controls, path planning, and trajectory optimization for a FIRST High School robotics team. I developed PID-Feedforward and cascaded PID controllers using Java to ensure that our manipulators could track trajectories in a stable and effective way. I also wrote path planning code that created trajectories for a differential-drive robot that took into account actuator saturation, current limits, acceleration limits, and friction.

As a mechanical engineering major and robotics minor, I hope to eventually go into the robotics or automation industry. I am most excited to tackle challenges in developing robots for unstructured environments, including developing the controls for new types of manipulators/mechanisms and integrating sensor feedback into mechanical systems.
